THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION
CHILD ACTORS WERE FILMED SAFELY
WITH SUPERVISION
Tell me, have you always flirted this way?
[gasping]
Are you insane?
[sighs]
No way.
It can't be.
Why?
Why do I feel like Mr. Kang
would just let me get away with anything?
Just one more drink together…
Would you like to…
[stammers]
[Ji-yoon] …have another drink at my place?
No, stop.
Snap out of it, Cha Ji-yoon!
Have me walk you home,
if you still have a long way?
No, I'm only five minutes away.
[sighs]
Thank goodness.
M-My place
is right over there. Just right there.
Have a good night.
[sighing]
Well done, Cha Ji-yoon. Well done.
[sighs] The way I got out of that was…
[groans] That was definitely
the best thing I did this year.
[groans] With my superior?
I almost got involved with my superior.
[sighs] That's just horrifying.
[groans] So horrifying.
Alcohol is my enemy.
[sighs] It gives me strange dreams too.
[groans]
[sighs]
[yelping]
[groans]
Not well done at all! [shrieks, groans]
How am I gonna show my face
at work tomorrow? Damn it.
[sighs]
What are you doing tomorrow?
If you're up for it,
we should meet up again, okay?
Would you like to…
Have me walk you home,
if you still have a long way?
Have a good night.
[pop music plays]
Was that a no?
[sighs]
[sighs] Here it is.
Here. [sighs]
Buy two and get a free one? Of course.
BUTTER COCONUT BISCUIT
-[chuckles] Hello.
-Mmm.
Did you have a rough night?
Yes.
[moans]
Oh, that's better.
[sighs]
That'll be 18.06.
Just a moment.
Hello.
That'll be 1.20.
Ms. Cha Ji-yoon?
[Ji-yoon] Is this
for real?
Uh…
I came out in a hurry, so…
I see you bought a lot of snacks.
Oh, yes.
Would you like a popsicle?
Oh.
If you don't like this,
how about chocolate--
That'll be 20.83.
Huh? He paid for this and didn't take it.
-You know him, right? That guy.
-Sorry?
Me?
[chuckling]
[sighs]
Look, Mom, that lady's
wearing undies
and they look just like Dad's.
No, I'm not. These are silk shorts.
I bought them in Thailand.
-[parent] I'm sorry.
-[chuckles]
[parent] They look nice.
[chuckling]
[Ji-yoon] Hmm? Is he… is he laughing?
Three-No-Man
is actually laughing at me?
[chuckling continues]
I'm going to quit!
EPISODE 2
DREAMING OF QUITTING, STILL CLOCKING IN!
[sighs]
He'd still go to work
even if he was fired.
[sighs]
So, what, you gonna hand him this
and say hi to his face?
[sighs]
[voicemail] The person you are calling
is unavailable.
You'll be redirected to voicemail.
Your boyfriend's been a bit quiet lately.
He used to call at lunchtime
like clockwork.
[chuckles]
He gets like this
when he's too into an experiment
[groans] I hate even thinking about it.
Experiments.
No-ah, I'm going to run to the restroom,
okay?
[No-ah] What?
Oh. Bulgogi combo.
Man, looks like you took all the bulgogi.
Enjoy your meal. Yeah. You too.
Why is it that you
never eat with your own team?
Well, you know,
there's a deep purpose behind that.
He's always hunting for a scoop
even while he's eating.
[chuckles] Old-fashioned intel gathering.
So, are there any new scoops these days?
Anything more shocking than Three-No-Man
becoming our team lead?
[chuckles] You're right.
What's he like to work with?
Are the rumors true?
Not only are the rumors true
about the three No's,
but he’s also a huge workaholic.
-Hasn’t he got a place yet?
-Why?
No one's seen him arrive or even leave.
He's always just here.
Just like he's built-in furniture.
The total opposite of our team lead.
We never see Mr. Ko stay at his desk.
That's right.
-Did you hear about their backstory?
-No.
I heard this through the Secretarial Team.
Mr. Kang was actually with Development,
before briefly moving to Product Planning
to work under Mr. Ko.
-Really?
-Hmm.
Get this, Kang Si-woo was a Sr. Associate,
and he reported his team lead,
Mr. Ko, for taking bribes.
[gasps]
[whispers]
Just so he could take that spot.
What?
Whoa. So that's the reason
Mr. Ko hates Mr. Kang.
He really is the Grim Reaper.
[Kee-tae] He's a total snake that guy.
[No-ah, chuckles] Seriously.
-Hey, keep eating. Keep eating.
-[No-ah clears throat]
[rock music plays]
-[employee 1] Mr. Kang Si-woo?
-[employee 2] I thought he eats alone.
May I join you for lunch?
Please take this seat.
-Right here.
-Stop it.
That is a severely unbalanced meal,
you know.
And I noticed you make your coffee
with two sticks.
That’s damaging to your health.
Oh. [chuckles]
I see you have no rice at all.
Yes, I’d hate to gain belly fat.
[yelping]
[coughing]
You all get coffee after lunch, right?
Well, it's on me today.
-Re-Really?
-Ms. Cha, you should--
I forgot I had something urgent
to take care of,
I apologize.
I will see you all later though.
If you’ll excuse me too.
[Ji-yoon] That scared the hell out of me.
Me too.
He always eats alone.
So why did he decide to sit with us then?
He was acting all buddy-buddy
talking to you.
I know, right?
I'll have an Iced Americano. And you?
I'll have
a chocolate mocha smoothie please.
We'll have one iced Americano
and one chocolate mocha smoothie, please.
Hey.
I'm paying this time though.
-[Si-woo] We'll pay with this card.
-Sure. Please tap it here.
KANG SI-WOO
I thought you had something urgent
to take care of?
I guess you meant coffee.
I was in desperate need
of a caffeine transfusion.
Then, while you get your caffeine fix…
shall we have a chat?
Oh, I left something in the cafeteria.
No-ah, would you grab my coffee?
Wait, but you didn't bring
anything with you.
Thank you.
-What's going on?
-What do you mean?
There's something between
you and Mr. Kang.
[sighs] There's nothing going on.
I guess he's figured it out too.
What?
That you're great at your job.
Isn't he trying to get you
to do some work for him?
We're on different teams.
He can't assign work to me.
Then what? Maybe he just likes you.
That's even more unlikely.
If that's not it, then why is he
following you around like that?
So, did you find the thing you lost?
Yes.
Then, are you free this evening?
No!
I have plans that I cannot cancel.
I figured as much.
I told you. He wants to see you
this evening.
You know what this is?
It’s like, when you happen to
see someone’s weakness,
you develop this one-sided sense
of closeness with them, that’s all.
Sorry?
He's just doing it
because he thinks I'm a pushover.
Let's go.
[Hye-ji] Hey!
Lee Hye-ji!
[chuckles] It’s been far too long!
Did you miss me a lot or what?
Not at all.
Do you know how long it's been
since I've left the house with a purse
and no diaper bag? It's been far too long.
Hey, all that spicy food I had to avoid
while breastfeeding?
I’m going to eat it all today.
All right.
Let's eat it all!
-[chuckles]
-Let's go. Right this way.
I'm so excited for today.
Do you have any guesses
as to why he wants to see you?
No idea.
Oh. Maybe he wants to make sure
I keep my mouth shut before he leaves.
He's leaving?
Looks like it.
What do you mean, "keep your mouth shut"?
You see,
I kind of accidentally stumbled
onto a really private secret of his.
Meaning he was busted
with a very private secret by you.
Mm-hmm.
And he caught you looking like
a total mess, the kind you
pray no one ever witnesses?
-Hmm.
-And now he’s leaving the company?
Hmm, to put it simply.
The way I see it, this is…
the perfect lead to a confession.
What?
You said he laughed
because of what you were wearing.
You also said, he’s the kind of person…
who never laughs
That means you completely made him
let his guard down.
And now that he’s leaving the company,
there’s no need to worry about getting
caught. He’s gonna ask you out.
I know… but you’re only saying that
because you don’t know him.
That kind of language
doesn’t suit him at all.
You know the type.
He’s the kind of person who always seems
to have a storm cloud over his head.
Better than a guy who’s like… [giggles]
…and who’s all sunshine and flowers.
-[scoffs]
-Just go for it.
Go see if there’s any chemistry there.
Hmm?
If there's no major red flag.
Hey, you get over one man
with another man.
You're wrong about that.
You do it with fried chicken,
beer and going to work.
[sighs] Imagine having all that
and going to work together.
How fun would that be?
Stop with the nonsense and just eat this.
Open up.
NEVER-DIE CHICKEN FEET
[laughing]
[groans]
Gosh, that's spicy.
[electrical humming]
Mr. Kang, looks like
you had a relaxed commute.
Yes.
The urgent work I had to deal with
has settled down for now.
Oh. That's good.
It looks like me coming in early
made things difficult for you.
[scoffs] How could you think that?
How could I think that?
I always come to work on time, and…
-[automated voice] Doors opening.
-Oh, elevator's here.
Please, get in.
[Hye-ji] The way I see it, this is…
the perfect lead to a confession.
Oh, I left something
at the security checkpoint.
Please go ahead.
Can you even leave stuff at security?
[sighs] Seriously?
Why did Hye-ji have to go and say that?
Geez. It's all I think about.
[sighs]
That girl has been
pretty scatterbrained lately.
Weren't you and Ms. Cha
hired at the same time?
Yeah. Oh, my apologies.
Cha Ji-yoon was the first person
in our group promoted to Sr. Associate.
Of course, I do feel
like I'm a bit behind, truly.
I've noticed you have lunch together.
Are you close?
Yes, she's the one
I get along the best with.
That's good.
Wh-What exactly is good?
-Hey.
I told you to wait.
Why are you drinking alone?
Oh… [chuckles]
Give me that.
Hey, hey.
As you already know,
I graduated from a rural college,
so I didn’t have hometown connections.
That's right. How impressive is that, huh?
You don't have any of that
and yet you're doing so well at work.
If I'm doing great,
why haven't I made Sr. Associate?
Hey.
That's because
you've just had terrible luck
with bosses so far.
At this rate,
I'm not sure I can raise
Gyeol and Yul right.
And if you decide to quit then what?
You need to have another job lined up
before you decide
to make a move like that.
Hmm.
That's why I'm trying to find
a new way in.
What?
He's here.
My new lifeline.
[clears throat] Gosh.
What a coincidence
running into you again like this.
-[phone buzzing]
-Oh, gosh. What's this.
Goodness.
You two should go ahead and talk.
I gotta take this call. Yes.
My wife sweet is calling so--
What are you doing right now?
What are colleagues for?
Please help me. Please!
Your timing is impeccable.
[Ji-yoon] He even used my colleague
so he could see me alone?
Trying to get you alone has proven to be,
quite the challenge.
[Ji-yoon] Alone?
Why alone?
Did you have something to say to me?
Yes.
There's something I need to say.
[Ji-yoon] What should I do?
Is here okay?
We can go elsewhere if you'd prefer.
Oh, no. This is fine.
Please, go ahead.
Ms. Cha Ji-yoon, I think
I like you.
[Ji-yoon] Is he about to confess?
So, Ms. Cha, I’d like you to… go…
[Ji-yoon] Go…
out…
…to go work with me on a task
assigned by the President.
What?
The ice sphere refrigerator
is going back into development.
I'd like you to be on the team.
[spoon clatters]
Oh. No, no, no. Please.
I got it. Let me.
I wish I could disappear right now.
Thank you.
So when you said you had gotten fired…
I got fired from Planning Team 2.
So…
when you suggested
we get a drink last weekend…
I couldn't bring it up
because you were too drunk.
So the reason you kept
following me around these past few days…
You didn't give me
much of a chance to tell you.
[Ji-yoon] It's so mortifying
that it was all in my head, but…
What a relief.
I really appreciate the offer,
but at this time, I have no intention
of switching teams.
May I ask you why that is?
There are some issues
with the voice-activated water dispenser
that I'm working on.
I'd really like to
get everything resolved and see it
launched successfully this year.
If that's your reason,
I'll let you stay in the loop just until
you're all done with the launch.
Oh, no.
Hmm, if I'm being perfectly honest, I'm…
I'm scared of failing right now.
I’d like to work on something
with better chances.
You went to such trouble to bring this up,
I'm really sorry.
I understand.
Do me a favor and keep this between us,
until they announce it.
Sure.
[Kee-tae] Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness.
I'm so sorry. I brought these.
[chuckles] Here. New ones.
-Mr. Kang, can I pour you a drink?
-Sure.
By the way, there’s something
I’ve been wanting to ask you.
All right, I'm listening.
Do you happen to know
about your nickname yet?
Hey.
Are you drunk?
No.
"Three-No-Man," is that right?
So you knew about it.
"No smiles, no people, no apologies."
Whoever came up with that
did a pretty good job if you ask me.
[whispering] So he knew?
Enjoy your drinks
and please use this to pay.
Y-You're already leaving?
Yes.
We had a good talk thanks to you.
See you tomorrow.
[Kee-tae] Wait.
Right. Oh. Uh…
Have a… Have a safe trip home then.
Man.
How dare you use work as an excuse
to get me here?
I mean, what choice did I have.
He said he wanted to see you.
[groans] That really hurt.
Hey, so what did you guys talk about, huh?
It's classified, you punk. [clicks tongue]
"Classified"?
[soft pop music plays]
YEONG-MOOK REPAIR SERVICES
Hi.
-When did you get back?
-A few days ago.
[Yeong-mook chuckles]
I really thought you weren't
coming back ever again.
-What's this?
-I found it on the way here.
Huh, this is…
My goodness.
Well, I’ll need to work
another ten years to earn this.
I'll find you another one
in ten years time.
[chuckles]
Thanks so much.
[peaceful music plays]
[sighs, clicks tongue]
[sighs]
Like I thought. No matter where I go
there’s nothing like your sound system.
There’s nothing special about it.
It's just a bunch of broken parts
that I slapped together.
I like it.
I like that sound in this shop.
I always feel at ease
whenever I come here.
What is going on now?
-Something not going your way?
-How did you know that?
You wouldn't be here for any other reason.
[both chuckle]
There's a mountain of stuff to repair,
get your hands moving
and try to get your thoughts in order.
[sighs]
Wow, this one looks far too difficult.
You need to try the hard ones
if you want to improve.
Your hands have really slowed down.
Hand that over.
Hey, hey. Come on now.
Work on your own thing.
I like things with clear solutions.
[chuckles]
And that is the reason
why you're so bad at dating.
Wow, hitting me where it hurts.
I’m actually on my way back
from getting rejected.
Oh…
Have you taken an interest in someone?
Just give me some advice
on what I should do exactly.
What advice is there to give?
Either drop it and move on,
or keep pushing until it works out.
Is she pretty?
-[scoffs]
-[laughs]
That's good.
Hey, smile like that more often.
[sighs] You live long enough…
you realize how precious smiling days are.
Huh? Hey, a task force notice is up!
[employee 1] Huh?
What kind of task force?
TASK FORCE: A TEMPORARY TEAM
FORMED FOR A SPECIFIC PROJECT
Pretty random timing for a task force.
RECRUITMENT - FUTURE STRATEGY TASK FORCE
Manager Kang Si-woo?
[Ji-yoon] So this is what Mr. Kang
was talking about.
He just became team lead for Team 2,
and he's already leading a task force?
That was it?
Is that why he asked to see you?
-Mm-hmm.
-Are you going to?
I'm not.
[sighs] Thank goodness.
Gosh, I was terrified
at the thought of you
being forced into a hellhole 'cause of me.
What's going on?
Don't just keep it between yourselves.
Spill the beans.
What exactly is happening?
We all assumed that Mr. Kang was done for
after halting operations
of the ice sphere fridge
-did we not?
-That's right.
But, that was not the case.
Just as I thought, Mr. Kang Si-woo,
I don't think your current position
is right for you at all.
You should step down
as the team lead of Product Planning.
As you suggested,
we will completely suspend
the ice sphere refrigerator project.
Instead,
I want you to form a task force and start
developing the fridge from scratch.
Then, I'd like full authority
and responsibility of every step,
from planning all the way to final launch.
Also, I will report directly to you.
Agreed.
Wow, that's crazy.
[employee] Straight to the president?
I mean, just how much faith
does the President have in Mr. Kang
to back him this hard?
It's President Han. You know that.
She's a self-made legend who started
as a regular employee
and made it all the way to President.
She knows better than anyone
what the working-level staff struggle
with, namely, that rigid hierarchy.
And Mr. Kang picked up on that exactly.
[sighs] Okay.
But taking on a project
that's been suspended before…
Is that a step up or step down?
That, right there is exactly the core
of this… change.
Question is,
did she just give Mr. Kang wings to fly,
or did she set a trap for him?
Who would even join him?
Mr. Kang is hard enough to deal with
as is, but what if the project fails too?
Bingo. Yes, No-ah, great point.
So now, what are we supposed to do?
We do absolutely nothing
unless we're told otherwise.
Stay still and play dead.
That is the answer.
Okay?
Mr. Kang is coming this way.
Hello there! [chuckles]
Oh, right.
TECH NECK POSTURE
TECH NECK WARNING!
He snatched my project
from right under my nose.
Not a single person on this team
is allowed to apply.
That would be an act of betrayal
against me.
-Are we clear on that?
-[all] Yes, sir.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
-Ms. Cha.
-Yes?
How's the voice-recognition
dispenser going?
We've been in the testing phase
since switching the mic.
Get over there and check on it
yourself right now.
If that goes wrong on top of everything
else, we are absolutely done for!
Yes, sir.
[Si-woo] Do you
perhaps consider your current duties
to be insignificant?
[Ji-yoon] Mr. Kim, I'm heading down
to check on the test.
[Si-woo] Even the smallest screw
can bring the whole thing down
if it's not fastened right.
Please do your work
with some self-respect.
Are you crying right now?
[sniffles] No, I'm not.
Hold it in.
Crying will do you no good here.
[Ji-yoon] Wow.
Thank goodness I didn't join his team.
TASK FORCE RECRUITMENT STATUS
THERE ARE NO APPLICANTS
-[commentator 1] It's a home run!
-[commentator 2 shouts]
A home run!
What an unbelievable turn of events.
[Ji-yoon] Hey, Buddy,
give me eight ounces of cold water,
will ya?
[commentator 1] The cheers of the fans
are pushing the stadium…
[automated voice]
Dispensing 8 ounces of cold water.
[commentator 2] That was fantastic.
It worked!
It's handling casual speech
and noise just fine.
That's right.
But how did the team even find out
about this budget-friendly microphone
and recommend it?
Well, it's just like you always said,
the Product Planning Team
should always keep some ammo
for moments like these.
Mmm. So you used that extra ammo
to prepare a backup plan in advance?
If I don't have a Plan B ready
ahead of time,
I can't clock out early.
-Exactly. Perfect answer.
-[both chuckle]
Oh, I heard the ice sphere fridge
is getting a task force.
Ah, yes.
Oh, goodness.
I knew when I saw Mr. Kang
at the Gwangju factory,
that he wouldn't just let it slide.
I heard that Mr. Kang actually started out
on the Development Team.
What was he like when he worked there?
He never smiled back then either,
barely said a word.
But everyone respected him.
Say what you want,
but Kang Si-woo has never
lost against a machine.
Hmm.
I'll, uh, let you know
when the final test results are out.
Great, good luck to you.
Thanks.
-Mr. Ko.
-What is it?
I'd like to take the day off tomorrow,
if possible.
It's almost time to clock out
and you want tomorrow off?
Um, what nonsense is this?
I'm sorry, sir.
My sister had to be admitted
to the hospital all of a sudden.
Wait. But why do you need
to take the day off
when it's your sister
who's in the hospital?
Huh?
[scoffs]
Times have changed so
I can’t say a word
about a last-minute request like this.
Do as you wish.
Thank you, sir.
Ms. Cha.
Yes?
Take over Ms. Yoon No-ah’s
overseas market research
and make sure you're done by tomorrow.
Oh, no, I can finish that
as soon as I'm back.
It's urgent though.
[sighs]
Never mind then. I guess I’ll just…
Understood.
I will take care of it.
Just send me the file,
I’ll take care of the rest for you.
I'm sorry, Ms. Cha.
It's all good.
He's doing that on purpose anyway.
All right. Go home, everyone!
OVERSEAS MARKET RESEARCH REPORT
EMAIL: CHA JI-YOON
No-ah, you should go.
Don’t keep your sister waiting.
[sighs]
[sighs] That's how it is.
Love is so selfish
and so foolish. [sighs]
[groans]
I haven't worked late in forever.
[electronic voice] Good afternoon,
dear passengers.
This train is a high-speed train
bound for Pohan station.
-Our crew is committed to making sure…
-[sighs]
…you have a comfortable journey.
This train will be departing shortly.
[No-ah] What time do you finish today?
Late because it’s Tuesday, right?
I’m on my…
WHAT TIME DO YOU GET OFF TODAY?
YOU GET OFF LATE ON TUESDAYS, RIGHT?
Everything will be fine.
POHAN UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
[student] Come on, Goo-won, we're not
going if you're not coming with us.
-Well in that case, let me think about it.
-Right, guys?
[somber music plays]
Goo-won, is that someone you know?
Yeah. Why don't you head out first?
[sighs]
You can't just come here
without telling me.
Why?
What? Am I not allowed to come here?
No. That's not what I mean.
I told you I've been busy.
Right.
So busy you couldn't come to Seoul
on the weekends
or reply to me?
So I came to you,
is it really worth getting mad about?
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
I mean, I just have a lot
on my plate right now.
I’m a little on edge.
I feel bad that you have to
come to Pohan all the time.
I know you have work.
I took tomorrow off
just for you to yell at me.
Sorry.
-Have you eaten yet?
-No.
I'll treat you to something delicious.
It better be delicious.
[sighs]
[upbeat music playing on phone]
[team lead] But everyone respected him.
Say what you want but Kang Si-woo
has never lost against a machine.
[music continues]
[sighs]
That’s right a sharp… and capable boss.
The type of person I want to work for.
[phone buzzing]
CHO GA-EUL
[tense music plays]
MISSED CALL
CHO GA-EUL
[Ga-eul] Ji-yoon!
[soft music plays]
I missed you.
Why are you here?
This trip was a bit too long, wasn’t it?
I guess you’re pretty angry. Sorry.
Isn't that something you say when you're
a few minutes late to meet someone?
How could you say that
after disappearing for eight months?
Did you really think
you could just say, "I'm back,"
and I'd be like, "Welcome back"?
-Were you waiting long?
-Yes.
At first, I waited out of worry.
Then I waited out of anger.
And later, I waited
just so I can end things properly.
I waited for you while imagining
this moment over and over again,
yet you show up like it was nothing.
Like it was only a couple of days.
How could we break up?
I can't break up with you, Ji-yoon.
Let's go inside.
I have so much to tell you.
I said this over text too,
but I really wanted to tell you
at least once
right to your face.
Cho Ga-eul.
It's been over between us.
Ji-yoon. Ji-yoon!
If you were going to do this,
why'd you come back?
Tell me, what for?
Because I left something important behind.
And it's something I can't live without.
YEAR 2021
Hi there.
Ga-eul.
So, how have you been?
[gentle music plays]
[Ji-yoon]
When did you get back from Australia?
I've been back for ages.
I called you as soon as I got back,
but you changed your number.
I changed it
when I got a new phone from work.
You changed
after you started working there.
We used to stay in touch
all the time before that.
But we’re here,
so I guess it’s all good.
I guess we really are meant to be.
Don't make jokes like that anymore.
You know I had feelings for you
for the longest time.
You don't know how hard it was
to get over you.
Should we make it official then?
What?
Let’s make this official. Ji-yoon.
Do you…
Do you like me?
Mm-hmm.
As more than a friend though?
I really like you.
Since when?
Between your music and your trip
to Australia, I doubt you had the time.
In every spare moment.
What?
In the middle of work…
while I was busy writing songs…
even when I was just spacing out…
You just kept crossing my mind,
like I've left behind something important.
In every spare moment…
for a very long time now,
I've liked you, Ji-yoon.
Take it all. Everything you left behind.
None of this is what I left behind.
You know that.
Then just throw it out for all I care.
I'm sorry
that it took me so long.
If it took you that long…
it means you’d already forgotten about me.
For me, it was…
a painful time,
but also enough time to forget you.
Don't show up
out of the blue like this again.
I'm not happy to see you anymore.
Ji-yoon.
[somber music plays]
[rain pattering]
Hello.
You paid
but didn't take your drink the other day.
Oh, right. Well, it's all good.
Did you not get it?
I gave the drink to that regular of ours,
you were with.
Here's the overseas market report
that Ms. Yoon No-ah was working on.
This here's the profit-and-loss outlook
after replacing the microphone.
[sighs]
About the microphone…
Use the original.
What?
I thought about it all night long,
and replacing the microphone
just feels like a rash decision.
The risk is too high.
Let's just stick to the original.
But we just completed
the first round of testing.
We’re supposed to start
the final round today.
Then hurry over and put a stop to it.
Mr. Ko.
What is this?
Ms. Cha, are you rebelling right now?
That's not it.
But there's the voice recognition issue.
Tell them to stick
to the original microphone
and just fix the software, will you?
But doing that won’t resolve the issue.
And why is that your concern though?
Are you an engineer, Ms. Cha?
Just go and pass on the message.
Mr. Ko, please reconsider--
If you can't do it, then I'll go myself.
Mr. Ko. Mr. Ko!
Please reconsider this, just this once.
The Development Team stayed up for days
running these tests.
Yeah, and that's what those people
are there f--
What the hell? Move!
You haven't changed.
What?
I presume you had
an expensive dinner last night.
[scoffs] What the…
Jesus.
[gentle music plays]
What did you do with my drink, huh?
Huh?
Oh, the one from the convenience store?
Did you drink it?
No. It’s sitting in my fridge…
Then I’ll come by and get it after work.
Oh. I’ll just buy you
the exact same drink.
That won’t do.
Oh, then I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
I have to drink that exact one today.
Okay.
You do know
that was unreasonable, don't you?
[chuckles]
You would've just avoided me
if I'd asked to meet.
What happened after? With Mr. Ko?
The Development Team
went completely ballistic.
Then… everything returned to normal,
like nothing happened.
[Si-woo sighs]
Something similar happened
when I was a Sr. Associate.
Mr. Ko was the team lead,
and he insisted on replacing a capable
part with one from a different supplier.
I looked into it
and found out
that he’d been taking favors.
Get this, Kang Si-woo
was a senior associate
and he reported his team lead,
Mr. Ko, for taking bribes.
-[gasps]
-Just so he could take that spot.
So then what did you end up doing?
I reported it to the Audit Team.
But without conclusive evidence,
they just kept the original supplier
and closed the case.
And then I just got kicked off
of the Product Planning Team.
That must have been really hard.
That's when I made up my mind.
I’d stay out of it all
and just let my work speak for itself.
Join my task force.
I’ll make sure
you never have to deal with that again.
Why are you doing all this for me?
We haven't even
known each other that long.
I've been watching you
for quite some time.
[pop music plays]
Hello, everyone!
My name is Cha Ji-yoon.
[cheers]
One day, I want to create
an automated Snail Bride homemaker system
that takes care of the cleaning,
laundry and dishes
all on its own!
SAEUM NEW HIRE ORIENTATION
What's your ultimate goal?
Obviously, my ultimate goal
is becoming the president of SAEUM.
[all cheering]
[Si-woo] I found one new hire’s
ambitious goal to be quite impressive.
Still, I assumed it wouldn’t last long,
just like with any other rookie.
[Ji-yoon] What if there were
a talking companion robot vacuum?
If you combine a robot vacuum cleaner
with a voice assistant service,
it can evolve into a talking robot vacuum.
Users could give it
a name of their choice,
and whenever they have a question
or just need someone to talk to,
they could chat with their vacuum.
"Ms. Bokja,
will it stop raining tomorrow?"
Uh, maybe Ms. Bokja is a little tacky.
[Si-woo] But that rookie was different.
She knew exactly what she wanted
right from the very beginning.
Enough already.
I know it's a machine,
but it has to feel
like it has real emotions.
Huh?
[Si-woo] Even as she gained seniority,
she refused to compromise,
and I found myself rooting for her.
But when I saw you again at the factory,
you'd changed a lot.
And then we can gradually work on
perfecting the ice quality from there?
To be honest, I was disappointed.
But then I saw your notebook and realized.
You hadn't changed.
You were just hiding.
And then I thought to myself,
"I don't want to let this person go."
The way I see it… you deserve
to aim a lot higher
than what you have so far.
It would be a real shame to keep all that
potential locked away in a notebook.
[gentle music plays]
I'll give you time to think.
As for my drink,
thank you for holding on to it.
What?
Those words, make me…
feel… I feel… giddy.
[scoffs] She must've run here.
[No-ah] Babe, should I move down here
once we’re married?
[Goo-won] What about your job?
Well, I could find a job here
and maybe go into the public-sector.
Come on, why would you leave
a big company everyone's
dying to get into?
Even after you get your degree,
you won’t be able to come to Seoul.
What's the point of getting married
if we still can't see each other often?
[clears throat]
You’re gonna be late to class
because of me.
You should get going.
Mm-hmm.
Bye then.
No-ah!
No-ah, let's just…
[electronic voice] Attention, passengers.
The 559 train bound for Seoul
is now arriving at Platform 7.
-[train horn blares]
-…break up.
[electronic voice]
Please stand behind the yellow line.
Passengers, please check your boarding
position before stepping onto the train.
Enjoy your trip.
[sad music plays]
[breathing shakily]
[gasps] No-ah!
What's wrong?
Oh, my gosh.
Are you sick?
Ms. Cha…
Let's get you to the hospital. Get up.
I can't. I already took yesterday off.
You can't work in this state, okay.
What? Taking the day off yesterday
and you’re leaving early today?
I make sure to only get sick after work
and on weekends.
Taking care of yourself
is part of the job!
Ms. Yoon No-ah.
Mr. Ko.
Ms. Yoon No-ah, what exactly
are your strengths?
Huh?
You’re not a fast worker like Ms. Cha.
And you don't have any guts either!
Ms. No-ah is very unwell at the moment.
Let her go home for now
and you can speak to her again tomorrow.
Seeing as you’re in the same outfit
as the other day,
it seems you lied
about your sister being sick
and went on vacation with your boyfriend.
-Mr. Ko!
-Why don't you get married already?
Stop wasting everyone’s time,
showing up to just collect a paycheck!
Please just stop this!
Diminishing or mocking
an employee’s performance or abilities
without a proper reason.
Pressuring them not to use their vacation,
or their sick leave
and spreading gossip or rumors
about their personal life.
Every single word you just said
to Ms. Yoon No-ah,
constitutes workplace harassment.
[Young-sam scoffs]
Are you saying you’ll report me
or something?
I really don’t want to do that.
So I ask you to please…
stop speaking to us so disrespectfully
from now on.
I ask you kindly.
I didn’t expect this from you,
Ms. Cha.
[exhales sharply]
Fine.
Let's do that.
Going forward,
I will be very polite to
each and every one of you.
Oh.
Ms. Yoon No-ah, since you're feeling sick,
you may leave early.
And Ms. Cha Ji-yoon.
Please analyze our competitors’ trends
over the last three years
and prepare a report for me.
This is not an unfair assignment,
but a perfectly legitimate request
that is completely necessary for the team.
What are you staring at exactly?
Why would you pick a fight with him?
Ms. Cha.
[Ji-yoon] Let's go.
-[whimpers]
-Go straight to the hospital.
I can't come with you,
so call your sister.
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
It's not your fault. Get going now.
[breathes shakily]
[lighthearted music plays]
PRODUCT PLANNING TEAM 1
CHA JI-YOON
[sighs]
Hi, Mom! [chuckles]
I'm officially starting work tomorrow!
I've been assigned
to the Product Planning Team.
My name and face are right here
on my employee ID! [chuckles]
[Mom] I'm actually at the shop right now
to buy rice cakes
for the whole neighborhood.
What? Why would you buy that?
[Mom] My daughter got a job at a major
corporation, so it’s the least I can do.
So what is this product team?
What will you be doing there?
You wouldn't know even if I told you.
I'm going to work so hard, you know?
Actually, I’m just going to work
in this place forever and ever.
[chuckles] I’m heading home now.
Let’s have a party tonight.
COMPETITOR TRENDS REPORT, 2023-2025
[Ji-yoon] Product Planning Team 1.
Cha Ji-yoon.
Rank: Senior Associate.
I hereby submit my resignation
for personal reasons…
RESIGNATION URGE STICKERS
…so I ask that it be processed…
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
"Personal reasons," my ass.
You all probably look at me,
and see nothing
but a lowly corporate slave.
But I want you to know
that I was once a bright-eyed,
passionate employee
who walked through those doors
full of hopes and wonderful dreams.
Does it make you feel good
to insult my character?
To look down on me
and treat me like trash?
This place is toxic and pathetic.
[scoffs] I am walking out of here
on my own terms, everyone.
Have a nice life. As for me,
I'm off to find my happiness.
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
CONFIRM SUBMISSION
SUBMIT THIS DOCUMENT?
CANCEL - CONFIRM
[sighs] Damn it.
[sighs]
How sad and pathetic can you really be?
Huh?
[sighs] I couldn’t even throw these away.
[sighs]
HOT AIR UV SYSTEM
SHOE CARE DEVICE
[Si-woo] I’m here from the future.
This has already been released.
[Ji-yoon]
Washer and dryer combined into one?
[Si-woo]
Now it's possible with a single machine.
[Ji-yoon] How should I open this?
[Si-woo]
Touch lightly to automatically open doors.
Why did he have to go scribble
all over someone else's notebook?
[gentle music plays]
Did he think using a pencil was okay?
Can't we turn everything into away mode,
like with a hotel key card?
[Si-woo] It's possible.
You just design a single software
to control multiple hardware devices,
like using a single smartphone
to control all your home appliances.
[Ji-yoon] Ice spikes?
[Si-woo] Good!
[cries]
Mr. Kang…
He’s seriously the worst.
[inspirational music plays]
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
SUBMIT THIS DOCUMENT?
CANCEL - CONFIRM
[Ji-yoon]
There's no such thing as the perfect boss.
Just like there isn't a perfect lover.
-Good morning.
[upbeat music plays]
Just wear a pair of acupressure slippers,
and it'll solve everything.
Oh.
Good morning, Mr. Ko. Everything good?
Mm-hmm. Good morning, Ms. Cha.
What the…
[Ji-yoon] At the end of the day,
this is just a game of this or that.
[Young-sam] Why are you going that way?
Wrong way. Huh?
Huh?
[Ji-yoon] Even if tomorrow's me
regrets the choices I make today…
[employee] What?
Sr. Associate Cha Ji-yoon, checking in.
I’d like to apply for the task force.
[Young-sam] Hey!
[Ji-yoon] All I can do is choose
the lesser
evil, instead of the absolute worst.
I look forward to this.
I look forward to it too.
[theme music playing]
With the time we have left, we have
to be able to make the perfect ice sphere.
-Would that be possible?
-Fail. Fail.
-[groans]
-[sighs]
I'm wiped.
[Si-woo] Please change your keyboard
to a silent keyboard.
[Ji-yoon] I'll clock out on time
no matter what and order fried chicken.
This is awkward as hell.
[Ga-eul] I’m finally done
composing our song.
Would you mind leaving us?
I have something to tell her.
So I assume you’ll be free this weekend.
[Ji-yoon] Lovesick, really?